The `AvatarRoom.original.05-02-2012.clayton.swf` file is the oldest version of the Your Room feature on the Wild Kratts site known to exist aside from the version on r53-vip-soup.pbskids.org. This SWF file is used as the base for the modified/updated `AvatarRoom.swf`file, as it has the snake powersuit in it, which the `AvatarRoom.original.swf` file (2013, Wayback Machine) does not possess. Additionally, trying to transfer the snake powersuit from the version provided by Clayton Partridge (a former developer on the WK site) to the 2013, more recent version from the Wayback Machine doesn't work.

Thus, it is used as the base. However, most of the habitat photos and all the face-in-hole backgrounds are blank in the `original.05-02-2012.clayton` version. This is because the SWF file fails to render/store "DefineBits" tags in it; it's unknown as to why this is. However, importing the face-in-hole backgrounds and broken habitat photos from the Wayback Machine version over to the base works if you import as a "DefineBitsJPEG" tag. However, the rattlesnake/Slither Run face-in-hole background is lost, as the picture was defined as a "DefineBits" tag (which the SWF file did not successfully render/store), and there is no other original archive of this picture. The crocodile placeholder is not present there either since the locked version of the snake face-in-hole option is just an image, and is not a layered sprite like the others. Thus, the crocodile placeholder cannot be meaningfully added. Additionally, evidence (exported face-in-hole pictures as provided by original users of the WK site) from the time of the initial release of the Slither Run face-in-hole on the Your Room portion of the site shows that the Slither Run face-in-hole background was indeed black. Since there is not even any known screenshot of this, it remains black.

The following modifications were applied to the base `original.05-02-2012.clayton` version of the `AvatarRoom.swf` file to mirror that of what would've been the 2015 version:
* Updated rollover listeners for the powersuits (when you hover over any powersuit in the rotary "suit closet", it will update the photo. Previously, it would only do this for the Old Gen suits. It's unlikely that any audio was added for the New Gen suits, but if there was, it is totally lost and will not be added as such).
* Added the Central American Rainforest and Sonoran Desert photos, and changed the layout that the photos are arranged in accordingly (it's unknown as to what the true arrangement of the photos would've been when the mentioned photos were added, but it most certainly pertained to the original 2 rows visual format, and it was updated to adhere to that standard, which is what it most likely was).
* Changed the border box around the face-in-hole options to be simple squares and not squares with triangular/slanted, small corners